lansa/GDSN.md, before:

MDM - Master Data Management
PIM - Product Infommation Management System
CMS - Content Management System
ERP - Enterprise Resource Planning
PLM - Product Lifecycle Management
GS1 - 
GDSN - Global Data Syncronization Network
1WorldSync -
GUDID - Global Unique Device Identification Database (FDA resource)
FMCG - 
EPOS - 

Four Key Features:
1. Master Data Management (MDM)
2. Data Quality Engine
3. Product Portolio Management
4. Item Publication Mangagement

### Master Data Management (MDM)
Identifies where all data is stored, creates a model, specifies which is the record of note/master/_______source of truth - Master Data Policy Setting
Sets CRUD policies, maps data in systems into Product Information Management System (PIM).

Data Sync Direct integration engine integrates with supply-side and demand-side systems.

### Data Quality Engine
Managing compliance (standards change sometimes)
Intelligent Field Validation
Internationlization (currency, language, units of meausre, symbols)

### Product Portfolio Management

Commit message:

more on Data Sync Direct

lansa/GDSN.md, after:

MDM - Master Data Management
PIM - Product Infommation Management System
CMS - Content Management System
ERP - Enterprise Resource Planning
PLM - Product Lifecycle Management
GS1 - Global Standards (standard company in Brussels)
GTIN - Global Trade Item Number (related to GS1)
GDSN - Global Data Syncronization Network
1WorldSync -
GUDID - Global Unique Device Identification Database (FDA resource)
FMCG - Fast Moving Consumer Goods
EPOS - 
Containment/Package Hierarchy - The sequence of counts, such as (Base Item) EA/UOM: 1 EA -> Inner/Multi Pack: 50 -> Case: 50 inners -> Pallet: 8 cases
For more info: https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E18727_01/doc.121/e13109/T381249T381768.htm
GSMP - Global Standards Management Process "Standards created by industry, for industry.", facilitated by GS1 (neutral participant)
EDI (data format) - 
UDI (related to FDA?)- 
EU1169 - EU Food Information Regulation FIR food product information sta
Normalize -
DQF -  
GLN - Global Location Number (globally unique company ID)


Four Key Features:
1. Master Data Management (MDM)
2. Data Quality Engine
3. Product Portolio Management
4. Item Publication Mangagement

### Master Data Management (MDM)
Identifies where all data is stored, creates a model, specifies which is the record of note/master/_______source of truth - Master Data Policy Setting
Sets CRUD policies, maps data in systems into Product Information Management System (PIM).

Data Sync Direct integration engine integrates with supply-side and demand-side systems.

### Data Quality Engine
Dimensions of Data Quality
* Complete
* Consistent
* Accurate
* Correct
* Up-to-Date or Current
All in conext with requirements and product information.

Managing compliance (standards change sometimes)
Intelligent Field Validation
Internationlization (currency, language, units of meausre, symbols)

### Product Portfolio Management
